feat(backlinks): hide by default when empty (#1674)
jackyzha0/quartz: docs/features/backlinks.md

## Customization

- Removing backlinks: delete all usages of `Component.Backlinks()` from `quartz.layout.ts`.

> - Hide when empty: use `Component.Backlinks({ hideWhenEmpty: true })` to hide the backlinks component completely when there are no backlinks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hide when empty: hide `Backlinks` if given page doesn't contain any backlinks (default to `true`). To disable this, use `Component.Backlinks({ hideWhenEmpty: false })`.
```
